technology It took two months and 59 test batches to create the perfect cookie recipe. The secret ingredient? AI technology. Now that’s one smart
sports Daaammmnn . Florida got too many tolls.. Coach comin outta pocket every 5 mins -__-
dailylife Whew... Thinking did u smile @ me ealier... U were so bsy on the phone lol RT @jadorelexy: I dont smile with too many woman they be phony
technology now you can add objects from Paint 3D to PowerPoint and bring them to life with the new Morph transition
sports Michigan beat Indiana, 69-55, on the 50th anniversary of the first basketball game at Crisler Center.
dailylife Rosa Parks Circle turns into a winter wonderland filled with twinkling blue lights and the laughter of ice skaters!
technology discover the best practices & resources to create awareness and to train your end users for Microsoft 365 adoption
sports .@MattReedFutbol on why @ChelseaFC's group stage troubles could cost them in next round | #CFC #UCL
dailylife Why make Pie day a one-day holiday when we can make it a three?
technology .@tfadell, the man who invented the iPhone & iPod, and founder of smarthome connector @nest shares his perspectives on how magic is made. @MichiganAlumni
sports Tecia Torres is now 3-0 since losing to Namajunas in a very close fight back in 2016. I wouldn't mind seeing Torres get rematch with the champ next. #UFC218
dailylife im hungry
technology New @Qualcomm @Thinkabit_Lab opens at Michigan Engineering Zone in #Detroit
sports The #B1G season is underway in just 30 minutes. #GoBlue
dailylife i am super hungry and tired but i need to do this
technology Simulation is important, but @UMEngineering Dean Gallimore says that driverless vehicles need to be faced with trials in real conditions.
sports Clackamas runs the state of Oregon in sports.
dailylife finals are near and also the end of my life is near
technology In this year’s #HourofCode challenge, students use logic & Swift code to customize The Incredible Code Machine with unique parts like cyborg eyes, hula hoop arms & flamingo legs!
sports Michigan starts hot, cruises in Big Ten opener vs. Indiana
dailylife hahaha cool 
technology New in #OfficeLens on Android and iOS: you can now save your captures as PDFs with no watermark, without signing in or internet access. Update your app now to try!
sports #ICYMI - @FSWBucs sweep FSW Classic, improve to 10-0 following 94-65 win over USC Salkehatchie Saturday 
dailylife she is going to be late to her class
technology Hoverbikes, giant fighting robots & teleportation were once seen as sci-fi film magic. See how 13 futuristic movies predicted next great tech innovations. 
sports BBK final - North Baltimore 54 Elmwood 43. Gritty effort and over came adversity! Great game fellas!
dailylife but to be honest, i am not that hungry, im just super tired
technology Now you can cross iPhone off your wish list.
sports BURG Sports Followers Breaking news Tuscarora kicks a 22 yard field-goal as the clock expires to beat Stafford 20 to 17
dailylife good to know and good for you
technology Like our Remix 3D creation? Click here to download this remixed desktop for yourself
sports No current University of Michigan undergraduate student was alive to see the last time Michigan played North Carolina in basketball. But those who watched the 1993 national championship game will never forget it.
dailylife i know right its awesome 
technology Microsoft Edge arrives on iOS & Android, ViaOpta helps the visually impaired, Kingsman: Golden Circle, and more
sports Foxes BKB Final (Goreville Invite): Ham Co 51, Johnston City 41
dailylife crap office hour queue is the worst for eecs281
technology Meet the coders, designers and writers behind #AIExperiments, our project to demystify artificial intelligence through games and fun experiences
sports Poor defense and rebounding lapses simply delivered the punches that left the Wolverines bruised by the game
dailylife i have no money im poor
technology Imagine a PC that’s instantly on and always connected to the internet. Read how Always Connected PCs enable a new culture of work
sports Antonio Conte, Sean Dyche, Pep Guardiola, Jurgen Klopp, Jose Mourinho & Arsene Wenger nominated for Premier League manager of the month
dailylife gimme a hug ;v;\
technology Simply click the 360° camera to your Essential phone to point, shoot and share